1. Array-based Programming Interview Questions 
1. How to find the missing number in given integer array of 1 to 100? (solution)

2. How to find the duplicate number on a given integer array? (solution)

3. How to find the largest and smallest number in an unsorted integer array? (solution)

4. How to find all pairs of integer array whose sum is equal to a given number? (solution)

5. How to find duplicate numbers in an array if it contains multiple duplicates? (solution)

6. How to remove duplicates from given array in Java? (solution)

7. How to sort an integer array in place using QuickSort algorithm? (solution)

8. How to remove duplicates from an array in place? (solution)

9. How to reverse an array in place in Java? (solution)

10. How to find multiple missing numbers in given integer array with duplicates? (solution)

2. String-based Coding Interview Questions

11. How to Print duplicate characters from String? (solution)

12. How to check if two Strings are anagrams of each other? (solution)

13. How to print first non repeated character from String? (solution)

14. How to reverse a given String using recursion? (solution)

15. How to check if a String contains only digits? (solution)

16. How to find duplicate characters in a String? (solution)

17. How to count a number of vowels and consonants in a given String? (solution)

18. How to count the occurrence of a given character in String? (solution)

19. How to find all permutations of String? (solution)

20. How to reverse words in a given sentence without using any library method? (solution)

21. How to check if two String is a rotation of each other? (solution)

22. How to check if given String is Palindrome? (solution)

3. Linked list based Programming Interview Questions

23. How to find middle element of a singly linked list in one pass? (solution)

24. How to check if a given linked list contains cycle? How to find the starting node of the cycle?(solution)

25. How to reverse a linked list? (solution)

26. How to reverse a singly linked list without recursion? (solution)

27. How to remove duplicate nodes in an unsorted linked list? (solution)

28. How to find the length of a singly linked list? (solution)

29. How to find the 3rd node from the end in a singly linked list? (solution)

30. How do you find the sum of two linked list using Stack? (program)
4. Binary Tree based Coding Interview Questions
30. Can you write a program to implement a binary search tree?  (solution)

31. How do you perform Pre-order traversal in given binary tree? (solution)

32. Write a Program to traverse a given binary tree in Pre-order without recursion (solution)

33. How to perform an In order traversal in given binary tree? (solution)

34. How to print all nodes of given binary tree using inorder traversal without recursion (solution)

35. How to implement Post-order traversal algorithm? (solution)

36. How to traverse a binary tree in Post order traversal without recursion (solution)

37. How to Print all leaves of a binary search tree? (solution)

38. How to count a number of leaf nodes in given binary tree? (solution)

39. How to perform a binary search in given array? (solution)

5. Miscellaneous Programming Interview Questions

40. How to implement Bubble Sort algorithm? (solution)

41. How to implement Iterative QuickSort Algorithm? (solution)

42. How to implement Insertion Sort Algorithm? (solution)

43. How to implement Merge Sort Algorithm? (solution)

44. How to implement Bucket Sort Algorithm? (solution)

45. How to implement Counting Sort Algorithm? (solution)

46. How to implement Radix Sort Algorithm? (solution)

47. How to swap two numbers without using the third variable? (solution)

48. How to check if two rectangles overlap with each other? (solution)

49. How to design a Vending Machine? (solution)

50. How to implement an LRU Cache in your favorite programming language? (solution)

51. How to check if a given number is a Palindrome? (solution)

52. How do you check if a given number is an Armstrong number? (solution)

53. How do find all prime factors of a given number? (solution)

54. How do check if a given number is a positive or negative in Java? (solution)

55. How to find the largest prime factor of a given integral number? (solution)

56. Write a Program to print all prime numbers up to a given number? (solution)

57. Write a Program to print Floyd's triangle? (solution)

58. Write a Program to print Pascal's triangle? (solution)

59. How to calculate the square root of a given number? (solution)

60. How to check if given number is a prime number? (solution)

61. How to implement Sieve of Eratosthenes Algorithm? (solution)

62. How to add two numbers without using plus operator in Java? (solution)

63. Write a Program to subtract two binary numbers? (solution)

64. Write a Program to transpose a Matrix? (solution)

65. Write a Program to add or subtract two Matrices? (solution)

66. Write a Program to multiply two Matrices in Java? (solution)

67. How to calculate the average of all numbers in given array? (solution)

68. How to check if a given number is even/odd without using Arithmetic operator? (solution)

69. Write a Program to find GCD of two numbers using Euclid's Algorithm? (solution)

70.  How to find the number of 1s (the Set bit) in a given Bit Sequence? (solution)

71. Write a Program to given Pyramid structure? (solution)

72. How to find the highest repeating world from a given file in Java? (solution)

73. How to reverse given Integer in Java? (solution)

74. How to convert a decimal number to binary in Java? (solution)

75. How to check if a given year is a leap year in Java? (solution)
